what's up guys Mike make a phony here
this is Trials Evolution Tuesdays aka
tits and the first track we're starting
off with is supposed to be American
Gladiators but it was presented to me as
a donkey challenge and of course I
couldn't pass it up i donkey
way more tracks then I play on regular
bikes because of you guys I swear to god
my message box is full of nothing but a
mic me donkey this track hey Mike beat
how about this track
who are you donkey it and it's like fuck
yes of course I could knock y'all those
tracks
now be honest now all of these obstacles
are recognizable for me anyways I didn't
watch the the remake of American ladies
in like 2008 or whatever the hell that
was cuz I heard it was terrible and I
knew it'd be terrible because the first
one was terrible we just all think it
was amazing because we were like 12 at
the time
and those chicks were hot and wearing
tights that that's all we knew I mean
like what is this thing what what part
of the show was this line but see what's
really missing from all this is is the
tennis ball machine gun like every
American Gladiators track that I play it
on trials it's always it's always
missing the damn tennis ball machine gun
like you're supposed to get shot in the
fucking face who the tennis ball why
you're trying to like move from target
to target or whatever and remember those
like nitro and shit like big swole ass
dudes like standing behind the machine
gun ever attempted to get a shot throw
your and it's like you shot somebody
with a fucking fully automatic tennis
ball gun dude it's not that big of a
deal this track is actually one of the
highest-rated for the past 48 hours as
of this recording and I could totally
see why they reversing it you're on a
snowboard right you jump into this cargo
container thing your art you are
controlling the helicopter it's not
automated so you're moving it around
something okay then a dead dead oh oh
there's a big cliff here I should
probably go up this I got moving up the
clip notice that I it's the smoothest
ride ever for for my character there and
then this starts to happen now I don't
know this is part of the track I was my
first time you know but anyways the
entire track is awesome
you go from a snowmobile to
well a jetski and you're going
underwater and shit they jump over
things as a fucking UFO grabbing a block
water I understand that I mean your back
to the motorcycle it's just it's just
insane there's so much stuff going on
here it totally feels like Mission
Impossible right but unfortunately the
only thing I really gave a shit about is
coming back to the beginning and
attempting this a handful of times to
try to try to recreate the experience of
sink because this is the way it's
supposed to be right here you're
supposed to okay go up then you know you
drive up okay that's cool right my way
was so much better except for the
landing you guys ready for the most
huggable fucking car you've ever seen
look at this thing this is the feel-good
track of the week seriously I mean not
only is is this little car buggy thing I
it's it's easily the most huggable
looking thing you've ever seen in trials
oh look at that
Oh see oh I know some of you guys like
the all right but the best part is that
it doesn't drive like shit it just think
try is actually pretty good it's not
it's not free-roam mind you have a free
roam track coming up in a minute that is
like it'll blow your fucking mind trust
me but besides the ultra soft suspension
this thing needs more tracks this guy
has only made two tracks with the verse
one was kind of a test run for it but I
think he's got a pretty much nailed here
so much is said of a message like yo I
love your tits and we need some more of
the huggable baby elephant Jeep thing
hey you know I just realized this is a
Trials track and not a skill game which
means that I mean maybe I'm not track
creator but maybe someone asked them
gonna answer me this but can we get this
in supercross fashion I would love to
have baby elephant monster truck
Supercross come on man let's make it
happen and now for the greatest absolute
greatest like vehicle free roam track
we've come across so far I'm telling you
I've been holding onto this track for at
least a few weeks it is just so damn
good not only is okay maybe the controls
are a bit funky right it slides a little
bit but once you get used to it it's
amazing and the guy even built a track
to actually facilitate using this in
three different ways it's actually
three maybe even four different paths
you could take each one is completely
different from the other it's not like I
you know this one is red or this one is
blue we're not tired of these jokes
right but seriously the guy put a decent
amount of work into this obviously a lot
of a lot of hard work goes into making
the buggy not completely suck but you
did a great job of doing first track is
basically running through the streets
and then you cross through the
checkpoints here and then you get to the
end and then a piano drops on your head
and then there's a laugh track
yeah right oh so funny all right into
the next track is basically just driving
along some rooftops you jump through
some glass you do a little tumble and
then it comes back and then the whole
building collapses okay that's an e
number two and in the third track you're
just driving across this this elevated
highway system making these jumps not
making these jumps and then all of a
sudden it starts to collapse on you you
have to kind of make it to the end as
quickly as you can
you think you could probably land right
into the finish line that you fuck it up
somehow and then you just kind of back
in slowly and then the whole thing
collapses on you right so there's a lot
of work that went into this and it's
free roam I just decided to go and do
these tracks I could have driven
anywhere I wanted to like hovercraft
style you guys remember that
so take note PC guys it's not all about
motorcycles this is a motorcycle game
remember it's not all about that it's
about just being creative and just doing
crazy shit like this yes this is the
biggest asshole track of the entire week
I'm not even kidding it's this track is
brought to us by soul man to K who has
brought us tons of great tracks in the
past I delivers once again with some
shit that makes me want to go and find
like an old CRT TV and maybe buy like a
used and Tendo controller and just throw
that shit at the screen as hard as I can
but let's take a moment to appreciate
the things that are going on around
around us stuff for example in the
background you see there's a piano on a
small island I don't know what that's
about sigh you probably noticed the
flying squad car as well I it's this
whole thing is clearly just one huge
trip and that's it I know I'm making
this look easy and it is actually not
doing it the way I've been attempting it
for the past 30 minutes No
there is a good way to do it uh and you
can see it just after this hold on a
second I'm gonna show you guys this is
this is what you don't know what the
fuck you're doing okay okay oh there we
go okay right I barely made that and
then I watch the replay that's it I'm
making sure the place right now